Clarify bug bounty payment policy (#16488)
solana-labs/solana: SECURITY.md

* Multiple submissions for the same class of exploit are still eligible for compensation, though may be compensated at a lower rate, however these will be assessed on a case-by-case basis
* Participants must complete KYC and sign the participation agreement here when the registrations are open https://solana.com/validator-registration. Security exploits will still be assessed and open for submission at all times. This needs only be done prior to distribution of tokens.

Payment of Bug Bounties:

> * Payments for eligible bugs are distributed monthly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Payments for eligible bug reports are distributed monthly.
```

> * All bug bounties submitted in a given month are paid out in the middle of the
> following month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bounties for all bugs submitted in a given month are paid out in the middle of the
following month.
```

Reviewer: A "bounty" is a payment. Looks like L54 could use to be fixed up as well.

* Participants must complete KYC and sign the participation agreement here when the registrations are open https://solana.com/validator-registration. Security exploits will still be assessed and open for submission at all times. This needs only be done prior to distribution of tokens.

Payment of Bug Bounties:
* Payments for eligible bugs are distributed monthly.
* All bug bounties submitted in a given month are paid out in the middle of the
following month.
* The SOL/USD conversion rate used for payments is the market price at the end of
  the last day of the month for the month in which the bug was submitted.
* The reference for this price is the Closing Price given by Coingecko.com on
  that date given here:
  https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/solana/historical_data/usd#panel
* For example, for all bugs submitted in March 2021, the SOL/USD price for bug
  payouts is the Close price on 2021-03-31 of $19.49.  This applies to all bugs
  submitted in March 2021, to be paid in mid-April 2021.

Notes:

> * All locked tokens can be staked during the lockup period.  Locked tokens are

Reviewer 2: I don't think we specify the lockup period anywhere in this doc yet

Reviewer 3: > I don't think we specify the lockup period anywhere in this doc yet

:100: 

I'm not sure we need to reiterate the staking eligibility of locked tokens either.  Probably enough to say something like
```
"Bug bounties are paid out in [stake accounts](link to stake accounts) with a 12 month [lockup](link to lockup)"
```
and let the links do the heavy lifting
